hi girls today I find
for a video so on march is from
milk chocolate chip cookies
I told you about
so it's a special recipe
since it is without them and without butter
so she is good for people
that are based allergies d
intolerance or so for people
who wish to eat a little less fat
so that's gone I go up every
ingredients you need so
firstly about 140 g of flour
I would say 80 grams of icing sugar and
function of if you prefer very sweet
or not me it's moderately sweet
of which 80 g of sugar is then used
of your preferences 50 to 100 g of nuggets
of milk chocolate people but about 70
g
for my part salt and 10 centilitres of
therefore of fluids or crem and weighs little
matter of the world that it is whole
it is possible of the cream and
finally a packet of baking powder
finally it will be a teaspoon I
will show you and 2 sachet of sugar
vanilla
so no matter what the marks are we
record and so it's gone I'm showing you
immediately as in fact
asier you come for your sugar so
it can be cane sugar and
sugar red sugar end how you
games price normal white sugar but
to give a little more taste could
take a different sugar then you
so add about
I want to put because
that there are 20 centilitres but about 10
whole creams
then you mix and a
fork of a shark
once it's done you come
add your flour so I put
about 140 to 150 grams and there comes
just to be that everything is always good
homogeneous so if see your dough is a
not too sandy as these pass and
fluid
finally he addresses a pressed dough
passes for a cost that did not hesitate to
add a little cream because as
I told you finally the balance for
dosing is not terrible so I had to
put a little pitch too much flour no
I will add a little cream for the
all a little more fluid stop you
when you hold this question there so
you see it's very compact but this
is no longer a kind of low cream like
just now so here is the
texture that you must have next
you just add your paper so
I finally add there is a pack of 100
grams I nibbled some
years so that shows you these are
those in vahine nuggets
milk chocolate so there is 120 me is
so I think it stays 80 I do not know
if I'm going to put everything because I like
well feel you shen cake
pragmatic and of what think that match to
see what it gives
so do not hesitate to pass your dough
because honestly it really helps
the prince ca really appears them
better finally a lot more homogeneous
and offered the most beautiful shots that is
to this type of paste impossible
your cookie dough and ready when
she looks like that and so we all go
go to the low lightning step so then
you form small balls
of dough in you show prequel what
size or first little bits of
bosses like these and you flat
hoist finally I explained to you it is
because there's no egg and it's for
be sure that it is true that she is
really a nice form of cookies
it's not in a ball as usual
rather liked a little like these and
you spread them on your plate in
spacing them slightly a few
centimeters since it's still ok
curly and you renew the operation
if you have a big heat oven
rotating metella preheated to about
if you have a small oven like mine
and knowing that they heat everything from
it will be preheated it's gone
so I made 8 cookies because I
put a little trick and so it's gone
my example we have about 160 degrees so
I will tell you in the name of cooking
to show you when do they
are beautiful lots how much time and
if you want more crisp
after how much time so I
come from the east so here I come from them
get out of the oven so after 8 9
minutes
so here it is if you want cookies
really - the and so my oven as it
heats very fast and very strong but that
it's a little crazy I started to
juggle between 140 and 160 degrees so me
I prefer them crispy so there I
it's fabulous for my boyfriend and I
want to do it if you want a batch
so a little more crisp I want
surround me with results after that
better to juggle between 140 and 160 summer
left about 13 minutes instead of
nine which tell me that's such love
as you can see behind the scenes
are finished so those who are a little
more golden marooning these are
crispy and of course they come out
when they come out they are still a little
better but once they have broken
two liters more crisp and so
that will stay much more fluffy
so it's on
taste I advise you to keep them
in a metal box for and the
keep for several days otherwise
for the ovens so even though I have you
given the duration so by emptying rather 15
minutes for the rather crunchy
8.9 for months and check it out when
even because each time different
look that blow they do not burn
and do not hesitate to adjust the
temperature is also in the case that
I wanted to tell you something else
and they were of course in the middle of
oven it must be that I am doing
uniformly
so here are the girls I hope this
recipe will please you and I make you
lots of kisses